it's going to touch wade before
today I propose a small
video dos us does not present
minecraft of my crater level 105 so
a little fear that just for
raving that it was missing us and 405
earth so I went up recently
quickly so the stats a panoplie
of 60 in strength a little obvious has not
a lot of vita little wisdom not bad
agility so that's what allows me
not like that it's not bad and then to
how lucky are the features
so put p15 pm so it pays it's a
small advantage and 28 so that's great
cool
and then at the level of resistances and
it's really not bad
so here we are going to be very small
little steph very basic symptoms and I
no longer have a dream helmet see that one out
normal game one that so darkens the graft
the pink used for satellite
for the features she gives me
so there the force the society there and the
vitality
so it's not bad so at brassens is
not so in fact it's a breakdown at work
not our basics
so in fact I have full wood panels
that actually because it does not hurt
of force and looted from agility so for
tease a little wisdom and especially the
resistances to the fact it's really a
collision advantage what I do
a lot of president at collage and
alcatel in packages is really
really the advantage renovate kawa a
initiator furious the coc level of
trophies of the trophies that I have kraft
like that for the sun so are not
adapted really great but good
So here we go directly
pocket to be able to call it light
so go through it anyway
style to support tease so the first
cultivate I type your trip and 260
between 260 and 280 we hide booster
like that the destructive
I type about 220 yeah that's
simple but against the second penis
and that's with a little more his 107 a shot
critical
finally in general except between 480 and 500
so that's not bad after a few
once from camp a coliseum I'm typing
popular in itself nor our booster helmets
my loved ones a popular at the level of
France
too bad so if you do not like
the monstrous damage so g7 for
in fact it was to relax
because here I have a cycle that
which is 100 110 his tracks for me
relax for that important way that
I was a little fed up here booster l
absorbent
still more in fact there is the absolute
it's mostly for the sound that gives me
so the pleasure between 480 and 500 and
some chomsky
So here we finish the putsch does not cost
it's a little trap like that for
one so it's on my chair I think
I introduce you Badive mons
and case of batons
colizen not what I really do
a lot of kolizéum not too much of which jos
is mostly due to that xp to the candidates
in the game I think it's not bad but
nevertheless this is what is the future cap
So the wild and I will present
videos made case of a mac rap and
et cetera and so on
this video I will be illiez videos
also irène good here we are here it is
a presentation
short 2.2 less mac rate so if the
video presentation not what I do
a lot of videos with and then for you
understand a little it's who this fear
these characteristics etc so I think
that it is me this base it will be
always commented videos and
buttocks like a crazy I think of fact
as sea ​​lions commented videos of
videos and so here's voila it was
a bow rent build so do not forget
the green thumb to encourage me and the
milks to subscribe souplet because
it encourages me and more buttons and
youtube so here I feel there the
next